Ma'am, Yeong-ro's just a freshman.
I'll leave instead.
I helped him too--
Of course,
she couldn't have done it by herself.
But…
I'm sure she's the one who led it.
He was
your partner, right?
You know you shouldn't do
this kind of thing.
Your father will be disappointed.
The rest of you. Yeo Jeong-min,
Ko Hye-ryeong, and Yoon Seol-hui.
One more violation,
and you'll all get kicked out.
From this moment on,
the three of you won't be allowed
to receive calls from the outside.
Pardon?
Even a phone call?
Get out!
It was you, wasn't it?
Did you see it?
Did you?
Do you look down on me
because I'm an operator?
Who do you think you are?
You're nothing better than me
except being born into a rich family!
-Are you crazy?
-Hye-ryeong.
So is that why you pretended to be
a college girl and went on a blind date?
You must be so upset that you won't get
any calls because of a stupid girl
who pretends to be a college girl.
Well, thanks to that, I'll have less work.
Stop.
Let's go.
What's her problem?
You crazy b****!
-Hey.
-Hye-ryeong.
I know what you did.
Stop lying, you wench!
Do you have a death wish?
-You crazy b****!
-Stop!
What happened? I knew it'd happen.
But I feel so bad for her.
Let's go.
This is Hosu University dorm.
My wound's been healed.
I'm ready for the operation.
I'm relieved.
Do you know how worried I was?
I couldn't sleep worrying about you.
I need to go back to Pyongyang,
but I've been waiting in Beijing
for you to call.
I'm sorry for worrying you, Father.
Soo-hyeok.
You must accomplish this mission
at all costs, okay?
I'll remember that.
Those who have power
all thanks to their family name
have their guns pointed at me.
You're my last weapon
that I can kill them with.
Don't forget that.
I've never forgotten that.
I'll return
after accomplishing the mission.
What did I tell you?
Didn't I tell you
that my son was definitely alive?
In any case,
I'm glad that he's alive.
My son will complete the mission
as planned.
But Comrade,
we decided to send in a new team.
The team you sent will help
my son accomplish the mission.
From now on, stay out
of our negotiation with the South.